---
layout: post
title:  "RubyConfAR 2014 - My first conference outside Uruguay"
date:   2014-10-28 1:52:00
tags: ruby conference rubyconf argentina
image:
  feature: rubyconf-2014.jpeg
  credit: RubyConfAR
  creditlink: http://twitter.com/RubyConfAR
comments: true
share: true
---

Last weekend I travelled to Buenos Aires to attend to the latest RubyConf Argentina.

It was my first conference outside Uruguay, and I have some opinions to share.

In general it was a great conference, it had some bad things -the air conditioner
wasn't working fine and the heat was intolerable- but the quality of the people
and the talks made that most of the people stayed up to the last minute of the conference.

The fact that it was my first conference outside my country made me try to get
to know new people from other countries and that was a great plus for this event.
Most of the times, when you attend to a local conference, you already know most
of the people, and even if you don't, you don't care too much, because at least
here in Uruguay -a really small country- you can meet anybody anywhere. But when
you attend to a foreign event, you may be knowing people that you don't know if
you are going to even see each other again. Maybe you do some twitter friends but
the fact is that for example I don't know when I will be able to speak with
Jano Gonzalez (@janogonzalez) again. And that forced me to do so this time.

The talks where great, there where a lot of topics treated like: microservices,
arangoDB, simplicity, algorithms, rubick cubes, docker and some more.

One thing I was disapointed about this is that I was looking forward for a talk
that was announced about running ruby on a raspberry pi but the speaker just
cancelled and I didn't notice until the second day of the conference.

Visiting a conference outside Uruguay made me realize that the ones being
organized here are just great, now I have a point of comparison and I can say
that RubyConf Uruguay was excellent. I hope they will be organizing a new edition
next year.

In summary, the experience was great, I look forward to attend to some other
conference overseas and keep knowing great new people.
